1. 3
   - The variable i is function-scoped. Thus, it is accessible to line 12. Latest assignment to it is 3.

2. 150
   - The variable discountedPrice is function-scoped. Thus, it is accessible to line 13. Latest assignment to it is 150.

3. 150
   - The variable finalPrice is function-scoped. Thus, it is accessible to line 14. Latest assignment to it is 150.

4. Array [50, 100, 150].
   - 0.5 * [100, 200, 300] = [50, 100, 150]. array.push(a) put varaible a as last element of array.

5. Anticipated to cause error if the function is called.
   - The variable i is block-scoped. Thus, it is not accessible to line 12, which is outside the block.

6. Error
   - The variable discountedPrice is block-scoped. Thus, it is not accessible to line 13, which is outside the block.

7. 150 
   - The variable finalPrice is function-scoped. Thus, it is accessible to line 14. Latest assignment to it is 150.

8. Array [50, 100, 150].
   - 0.5 * [100, 200, 300] = [50, 100, 150]. array.push(a) put varaible a as last element of array.

9. Error
   - The variable i is block-scoped. Thus, it is not accessible to line 11, which is outside the block.

10. 3
   - The length of array prices is 3. 

11. Array [50, 100, 150].
   - 0.5 * [100, 200, 300] = [50, 100, 150]. array.push(a) put varaible a as last element of array.
   - const array cannot be reassigned. However, its content can be changed. Thus, line 8 is legal.
   - After each iteration, the discountedPrice is discared as it is out of the scope of next iteration. Thus, line 7 is legal.

12. 
    - A. student.name
    - B. student['Grad Year']
    - C. student.greeting()
    - D. student['Favorite Teacher']['name']
    - E. student['courseLoad'][0]

13. Arithmetic
    - A. '32' (string 32)
    - B. 1
    - C. 3
    - D. '3null'
    - E. 4
    - F. 0
    - G. '3undefined'
    - H. NaN

14. Comparison
    - A. true
    - B. false
    - C. true
    - D. false
    - E. false
    - F. true

15. === check the equality without type conversion, while == allows implicit type conversion during comparison. If types are different, === must return false.

17. 
    - result: [2, 4, 6]
    - procedure: in for loop, we push one element into the newArr array in each iteration. That element is generated by callback function, which is doSomething, with input parameter from input array. The callback function double every elements in the input array to get new elements. Thus, the result array is [1, 2, 3] * 2 = [2, 4, 6].


18. 1 4 3 2
    - 1 4 3 appreas in sequence. After a short time, 2 is printed out. All of them starts a new line in console when appreas.